README.md, before:

# Front End implementation of Capstone API created for CoStar

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

```
Give examples
```

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you have to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

```
Give the example
```

And repeat

```
until finished
```

End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo

## Deployment

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

## Built With

## Authors

* **Jonathan Cary**
* **Austin Green**
* **Brandon Watts**

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/brandonwatts/CapstoneFrontEnd/graphs/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](https://github.com/brandonwatts/CapstoneFrontEnd/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details

Commit message:

Write documentation for build and deployment steps

README.md, after:

# Front End implementation of Capstone API created for CoStar

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

Start by downloading yarn if you do not have it. You can download yarn from [here](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install).

### Installing

In the 'front-end' directory, run the following command to get all the project dependencies:

```
yarn install
```

Finally you can run the application on the development server (http://localhost:3000) with the folowing command:

```
yarn start
```

## Deployment

Running the following command will bundles the app into static files for production:

```
yarn run build
```

## Built With

## Authors

* **Jonathan Cary**
* **Austin Green**
* **Brandon Watts**

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/brandonwatts/CapstoneFrontEnd/graphs/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](https://github.com/brandonwatts/CapstoneFrontEnd/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details
